---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2024 - Weeknote 44"
date: "2024-11-02"
description: "28-Oct-2024 - 01-Nov-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

Week 31 was defined by one main topic - Sales!. Spending lots of time with our sales folks, some time with new vendors and finding some creative ways to look at opportunities.

* Had approx. 2 sales call every day this week, talking about both new customers but more about account plans for existing customers. Exploring the use of OSINT ideas and tools like [DNS Dumpster](https://dnsdumpster.com/) to help get deeper understanding of our customer's environment beyond our current visibility. Helping sales use this type of information to have more meaning conversation.

* 3 vendor calls this week, mostly evaluating new technology to underpin new services or expand existing ones. Calls with Redhat about Openshift, Anodot about FinOps and Flexera about SaaS Management. In a related note, it's been quite nice to see a lot of ex-CloudHealth employees make their way over to Flexera - some good people there.

* My side-project of the week has been to start expanding our Azure reporting capability in the same way I have recently done for AWS. Python and Azure APIs - should be fun, but expecting to run into many [Azure Shit's](https://mastodon.social/@azureshit) along the way. This is part of a future extension of Project-N.

* Background shows this week included [Star Trek: Strange New Worlds - S01](https://www.paramountplus.com/gb/shows/star-trek-strange-new-worlds/) and the amazing [Rivals - S01]() in which is incredible and not long enough.
