---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2024 - Weeknote 30"
date: "2024-07-26"
description: "22-Jul-2024 - 26-Jul-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week involved another office trip, some good discussions with partners and lots added to this site.

## Products and Service

I spent another than day in the office this, with two back-to-back workshops: one involving product structure and the other on evolution of managed services and customer experience. Ordinarily these would be great sessions in their own right on any given day, but when put together on the same day it brings a whole new perspective. I'm deeply excited about making our services easier to consume and having our teams be more proactive and engaged with customers. The most value I'm had in my new role is the time I'm spent with customers and solving their immediate problems. I can't wait for every engineer to have that engagement.

## Vendor vs Partner

I had a couple of calls with third-party vendors this week. That is pretty typical and business as usual, but I think what made it stand out to me was the repeated conversation about "vendor vs partner". Vendors are important, we all have to buy are software and services from somewhere but if that software or service is underpinning the way I do my business then I want more than a transactional relationship. Partners have a shared relationship, a mutual business plan, both putting time and money into mutual success. I'm also increasing more interested in evolving these even further to build "communities" of multiple partners (and even customers) building a shared outcome. Task added to write more on this.

## Changelog

As part of the plan of restructuring how I write my week notes, this week I added a lot of new pages to the site include [/links](/links), [/now](/now) and [/devlog](/devlog). Lots more to come on this. Keep an eye out on the [/changelog](/changelog) for more.
