---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2024 - Weeknote 46"
date: "2024-11-16"
description: "11-Nov-2024 - 15-Nov-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

A long week spent in technical deep dive conversations with our engineers on topics ranging from support problems, to tools to new ideas - great stuff.

* The week started focusing on a customer issue. AWS Redshift, single table, 63B rows of unsorted data. Not exactly the sort of thing you come across every day for sure. Lots of discussions about the various options of handle to handle this and help the customer get back to something that was sorted and performant when running large queries. Lots of ideas discussed. Short answer: spend more money for more computer and wait.

* On Wednesday I spent time working through more portfolio strategy stuff and talking about wardley mapping and nudge theory for a few folks - always enjoy this and bringing these tools and ideas to new folks.

* Thursday was a session in Gloucester with out Managed Services team discussing methods for improving our lifecycle management. Organisations often outsource to MSPs with all their technical debt intact, knowing that their own management of out-of-date things has been poor. The discussion has been how we can make the work we do in improving this siltation more pro-active and visible. Lots of discussion about both process and tools. My ideas about how this looks more and more like a platform rather than a service are starting to take shape.

Some interesting links from this week:
* [Someone's re-written VB6 in C#](https://github.com/BAndysc/AvaloniaVisualBasic6)
* [An amazing map of Starlink Satellites](https://satellitemap.space/?constellation=starlink)