---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2024 - Weeknote 25"
date: "2024-06-21"
description: "17-Jun-2024 - 21-Jun-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

Writing lots and lots of internal content again this week, supporting people to think bigger and reading some interesting articles.

## What I've been doing

This week has mostly been about thinking about what a modern managed service looks like. What does an outsource ITIL managed service need to look like? How pro-active? What do the commitments and outputs need to look like? How does it need to "feel" in 2024. This has all meant lots of conversation, lots of writing and lots of supporting people to think outside of their comfort zone.

On this site, I have also been trying to sort out my RSS feeds a bit more to make them easier to share and consume by putting them into more appropriate categories (see [/changelog](https://www.liamjbennett.me/changelog/) for more).

I've mentioned in weeknotes before that I am an pretty active Obsidian user. I have also been a Notion user for other uses for some time. As I prepare for a future blog post of this topic, I have been spending a lot of time trying to migrate more from Notion to Obsidian and experimenting with various plugins. I will still be doing this for a few more weeks I think - but overall it's been pretty fun.

## What I've been thinking about

I've been thinking a bit about starting another type of post on this site for "devlogs". This would be a way for me to write up all the random scripts, automation and bits of debugging information author every now and then. No commitment on this right now - but I thinking a lot about this and the frequency of it.

I've also been thinking quite a bit about what's on this site vs what I keep privately in by Obsidian vault. There is quite a bit of stuff in my vault right now that with a small polish I think would be useful to publish here. I am not sure if it would all be blogs or some other type of format, but I thinking about it.

## What I've been reading

I saw this great post this week on [Jevon's Paradox](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7208409055927635968-pQb2). This is interesting perspective when thinking about the speed of AI development. I also think I might have a blog post in me about this in relation to how to think about product in relation to this paradox.

I've been digging into Application Maintenance and Support (AMS) services this week and came across this interesting article on [AI's impact to this AMS](https://www.unisys.com/blog-post/cis/how-advanced-ai-strategies-can-transform-application-maintenance-and-support/) and the small industry that sits around it.

## What I've been doing in the real world

This week has had a lot of activity with starting to move yards and finally getting my treadmill back up and running. 