---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2024 - Weeknote 37"
date: "2024-09-14"
description: "09-Sep-2024 - 13-Sep-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week was a little more varied that I was expecting it to be - in a good way. A few new things to keep me motivated with Project-R continues on.

* Week started with a demo of [Control Monkey](https://controlmonkey.io/) this a nice tool, from the founder of Spot.io and helps manage large Terraform environments. Managing Terraform at the scale of an MSP, with multiple customers, multiple repositories and multiple Terraform versions is the type of problem where only a dedicated tool will do. I look forward to playing with this more - updates to come. 

* Tuesday was a workshop in Gloucester to launch a new internal project (here to refered to as Project-N) with a focus on software lifecycle management. Our customers are an ever evolving landscape of new operating systems, function code and PaaS engine versions - ensuring we're always on-top of these is key to offering a pro-active managed service.

* Our internal developer platform launched some new capabilities to support our AWS engineers, replacing existing scripts that had been in use for 7 years with functionality is a properly managed platform and increasing security and reliability as a result.

* Outside of work I had an attempt to rebuild of daughters tablet who's usb port had failed and was therefore failing to charge. This required taking the entire device apart. Unfortunately, despite following the youtube videos this was a failure and I ended up buying a new tablet anyway. Always sharing my failures as well as my successes.

Some other interesting things:
* [Building apps with National Rail data](https://medium.com/@benjaminmaynard/building-cool-apps-with-national-rail-data-via-the-departureboard-io-rest-api-33b9576566be) 
