---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2025 - Weeknote 08"
date: "2025-02-22"
description: "17-Feb-2025 - 21-Feb-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week has been about old friends, old projects and live editing.


* 👥 - Like bookends to my week I got to have a couple of really good conversations this week with some ex-colleagues this week. The first occurring on Tuesday, with someone whom I'm hoping will come back and work with us (but an honest conversation not a sales pitch). The second with one of my favourite ex-colleagues who's been a bit of a management mentor to me over this years. This was one of our monthly informal catch-ups and after the week of boredom and frustration he certainly helped me enter the week in a positive mood. 
<p/>

* 🌐 - Starting at the weekend and drip feeding over the next few weeks, I am still making some adjustments to this site. It started at the weekend when I started moving my Mastodon posts to [/snippets](/snippets) and following up with beginning to move bookmarks over there as well. Lots still to do like Bluesky posts and old Twitter posts, but it's really coming along and just keeps me working in this repository (see [/changelog](/changelog) for more). I feel at this point that any writing is good writing.
<p/>

* 📜 - This week's Project-R update was brought to you by copy and paste, live editting and GenAI. Spent a lot of hours copy and pasting information between documents, using GenAI to make small amends and act as my peer-reviewer/editor and being on hours of calls live reviewing/editing documents with a customer. Mentally challenging for many reasons.
<p/>

* 👨‍💻 - I ended the week spending some time coming back to a bit of an old project - managed services. We've been doing a lot recently to improve our managed services and make them feel more modern and increase visibility in what happens inside a managed service. I've starting thinking more about this again - how to move the conversation beyond ITIL. Great, you're an ITIL-based mutli-tier MSP, so what? What's next? That's the question I am trying to answer properly. There is likely one or two blog posts coming on this over the next few months.
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Amanadaland - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt33305711/)
* [White Lotus - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13406094/)
* [This Way Up](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8430356/)