---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2025 - Weeknote 39"
date: "2025-09-27"
description: "22-Sep-2025 - 26-Sep-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

Lots of activity looking forward this week, covering all aspects of finance, product and strategy.
<p/>

* 📈 - As a continuation from last week, this week included more finance review sessions. While I'm already familiar with the numbers, these session were a good oppertunity for me to learn about how they are received and what data is important to the practice leads in their day-to-day operations. There were differences in each as to be expected but it the exitment and interest was obvious, proving that data doesn't have to dull it just has to be relevant.
<p/>
 
* 🧭 - This week I took a little bit of time to look back at an old strategy document. This was something I wrote for our senior leaders in 2023. It has, of course, aged a little but it has been interesting to see that we have continued forward towards the vision and maintained the values even if the implementation has been a little slower than I would have liked (but isn't it always?!). I am starting to reflect on this as early next year I will be updating and perhaps on this occassion I can be a little more realistic about the small steps along the way.
<p/>

* 🔎 - Last week I was working on a Copilot agent to help support the authoring of service descriptions. I shared this with a few people and started to get in a few of their ideas and roadmap items as documents to review. This was great because I was getting feedback from them on what worked and what didn't in addition to reviewing the output myself all of which meant that I could tweak the agent for better outputs. Five service descriptions went to our legal team for the final stage of review this week - this is the most I have seen done in a long time.
<p/>


📈 - This weeks stats:
* 247 minutes of podcasts
* 8,281 average weekly steps
* 10 book pages read (Infinite Detail - p136-p146)
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [The Jury: Murder Trial - S01 + S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt28615598/)
