---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2025 - Weeknote 28"
date: "2025-07-13"
description: "07-Jul-2025 - 11-Jul-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

It wasn't an easy week, but it really left like progress was made ...
<p/>

* ⚡ - Monday, was one of those rare days where my Teams went into offline mode, my meetings were cleared (mostly) and I sent the day working on a few of my individual contributor activities. Most of this was some content for Project-R but I have to say, as I have mentioned in a previous weeknote, writing is an act of understanding. I thought I was facing a day or writing down well understood things out of my head and onto the page, however the process certainly raised some questions and now I have one or two things to go and get answers for.
<p/>

* 🎓 - This week was kicking off R&D season again, a few weeks where we go back over the internal projects we've worked on over the past year with an external auditor. Not the most exciting, however it's an important reflection point about just because something is internally useful doesn't mean it's R&D and doesn't mean it's particularly special. When we find those nuggets though it's something we certainly should be talking more about.
<p/>

* 👷🏼 - Wednesday was all about automation projects. I've been focusing for a couple of weeks on making sure we double-down on automation and integrations between systems - the big stuff, but this week I got a bit of time to hoover up through a long list of "little automation activities". These are the things that may take someone an additional 10 seconds to do in a process e.g. fill in this extra fields or go and lookup this data but they are the type of thing that when done a few hundred times a day can really make a difference if fixed. Some of these are a bit of "self own" i.e. making people fill in data we should already known from information in other systems. It's been good to speak to people on the front line of our services and get these little things priorities that make jobs easier and make our customer experience better.
<p/>

* ⛑️ - Lifecycle management, the day-to-day means on handling technical debt has been a huge topic for us this year, really brought front and center by all the recent very public cyber security events. Well, working for an MSP you can we have to deal with a lot of infrastructure that is less and perfect and this week I certainly had to have my fair share of difficult conversations about this topic. I honestly don't mind that part, I'm just happy that it's getting the attention it deserves and that we now have AI to help speed up the process a little.
<p/>


<!-- vale off -->
📈 - This weeks stats:
* 206 minutes of podcasts
* 4,752 average weekly steps
* 57 pages (Sunrise on the Reaping - p0-p57)
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [The Madame Blanc Mysteries - S01 + S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt15499118/)
<!-- vale on -->
