---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2025 - Weeknote 09"
date: "2025-03-01"
description: "24-Feb-2025 - 28-Feb-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

One crunch, one roadmap, one deep-dive. This week used all my skills and motivation to get me through to the end, but a great sense of achievement.
<p/>

* 🧑🏻‍🤝‍🧑🏻 - The week started with some new management training and part of a new program being rolled out. This wouldn't normally be something of note, as regular management training, be that internal or external is just business-as-usual but in this case it was notable because unlike much of the previous training I have been a part of, this is a new program taking all managers though start HR policies, but is delivered by specialist employment lawyers. What I really liked about this was it took was is typically very stale content and brought it to life in terms of discussions about edge-cases, particular scenarios and what has been learnt from the lawyers experience of employment tribunals and mistakes made by other organisations. While I'm very familiar with our policies, I still learnt a lot from this.
<p/>

* 🛣️ - Monday, also included another review of the product roadmap and some discussions about the FY26 plans. Very excited with how this is being managed now and some of the things that are un-coming. Themes are: simplified and integrated. Less Argos catalogue, more car brochure. Lots more security and applications services. It's not all perfect though, still need to focus more of writing down the strategy, not just the roadmap and also improving our lifecycle management to kill off some older services that are not very profitable.
<p/>

* 📜 - Most of the week, was Project-R, the last crunch mode of the contracting phase. I'll admit this also destroyed me mentally. Tuesday to Thursday, I started at 8 and finished at 6, with a 2-hour meeting in the morning and a 4-hour meeting in the afternoon. Live-editing contracts and reviewing with the customer line-by-line. I remember having this same crunch mode period four years ago with another large customer but it's easy to forget how difficult that was too. A friend called this my version of the Olympics and as amusing as that is, it's probably pretty accurate as I only do these sorts of size projects on that similar cadence. By the end of the week, when the documents were done, there was a huge sense of relief and a massive sense of achievement. Fingers crossed all this work pays off for the next five-years. 
<p/>

* 🔐 - Friday, was a trip to London to have a deep-dive on the cyber security roadmap deep-dive. Firstly, having some face-to-face time with a number of colleagues after the crunch time of the week I've had was a nice reprieve. I had to opportunity to be presented the current thinking on our cyber security strategy, which was great and gave me tonnes to think about. It wasn't just a long list of new services, but much more thinking had gone on in terms of which vendors we work with, how we integrate services better into our other portfolio, how do refresh penetration testing and where we're investing our development time in building new cyber security IP. When I say lots to think about I mean, this has been one of those sessions where I walk away with pages of notes and walk away excited. I mean seriously - what I great way to end the week.
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [High Potential - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt26748649/)
* [White Lotus - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13406094/)
* [The Recruit - S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt16030542/)
* [Am I being unreasonable - S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt15792042/)
<!-- vale on -->
