---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2025 - Weeknote 02"
date: "2025-01-11"
description: "06-Jan-2025 - 10-Jan-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

* 📜 - With Project-R being a focus of last year, it continues at full steam this week with me supporting contracting and reviewing paperwork. As a technologist, you might think that spending my time on legal paperwork would be on the list of worst things I have to do, in fact it's quite the opposite. It's one of those times when you have to be really clear about what you do - especially if you're having to define technical terms for non-technical folks. I have also found that this is the type of process where any gaps in services or pre-conceived assumptions really comes to the forefront so  I always find this an excellent opportunity to test out really being able to define commitments and value and learn some things along the way.
<p/>

* ⭕ - This week also including some time discussing Oracle again. I'll admit my knowledge of the Oracle suit is pretty basic but I've explored OCI before and every couple of years the topic of doing more with Oracle (mostly for the Oracle database and OCI) comes up. This time it wasn't either of those things but Primavera that drove the topic. So, I spend some time talking to our Oracle contacts and some internal folks with the "what if we did this?" question. Certainly not top of my list right now but one of those areas that I keep checking in on and I expect to become more and more important as our over average customer size gets larger.
<p/>

* 👩‍🏫 - Last week I mentioned that I had spent some time thinking and writing down goals for the year (they will be published here very soon), well this week quite serendipitously, I had a external coaching session. A family friend of ours is undergoing a coaching apprenticeship and was looking for a few people to do some free sessions that she can use as part of her portfolio. Well, having done external coaching before and having got a lot of value from it, I thought this was great. It was a double-win for me. I got to help out a friend and also have a hour of time to go through my 2024 goals with someone else and get some ideas of how to improve them or make it more likely for them to be successful. I have two more sessions over the next 2 months, so I'll be posted more about it in future weeknotes.
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Playing Nice](https://www.itv.com/watch/playing-nice/10a4723)
* [Squid Game - S02](https://www.netflix.com/gb/title/81040344)
<!-- vale on -->
