---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2025 - Weeknote 21"
date: "2025-05-25"
description: "19-May-2025 - 23-May-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

Training, reflecting, planning, nurturing ...
<p/>

* 🦩 - Sales training. One day in the London office and one day in the Leeds office. Working with out sales teams on how to sell our cloud portfolio as a solution sell alongside other portfolio areas. Also, reviewing some competitors and some example sales scenarios. I always enjoy doing these sorts of things because it gives me a temperature check for our sales teams and I always get new questions and sometimes things I hadn't considered.
<p/>

* ⛯ - Roadmap - part 3. Presenting the roadmap work to Charles and some of the other senior leadership team. It's a key step to get buy in for the investments we're trying to make and the portfolio areas we're focusing on. It was a good session, with some good feedback and where some clarification is required. More to come on this next week, as I start to expand out on the structure, and the why.
<p/>

* 🀚 - Backup and DR automation. I've been having some interesting conversations this week about the current state of backup and disaster recovery tooling, automation and the customer experience. This has nothing to do with the recent very public M&S incident, but it certainly made me reflect on how seriously organisations take these processes. There will be another full blog post on this soon, but the TLDR is there still a lot of innovation to be done on this space, for these services to achieve the outcomes that people expect that they already do.
<p/>

* 🤔 - Appraisal time. Yes, it's that time of year again when I reflect on my own perform and the performance of others. Did I meet my objectives? Were they the right ones? What's next? Some years this feels like a bit of a ticket box exercise, but this might be the first year in a quite a while where both I and by colleagues are taking it a bit more seriously. This means having a lot more, meaningful deeper conversations that aren't rushed and objectives are set based on business outcomes and personal reflection.
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📈 - This weeks stats:
* 506 minutes of podcasts
* 8,129 average weekly steps
* 0 book pages read
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Race Across The World - S02 + S03](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9909248/)
<!-- vale on -->
