---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 3"
date: "2026-01-17"
description: "12-Jan-2026 - 16-Jan-2026"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

An old boss of mine used to talk about change like moving a boat on the ocaean - you just make small waves but eventually it will turn. This week felt like one of those weeks, taking a few small actions here and there know that it will take a while to see the outcome but it's worth doing anyway.
<p/>

* 👔 - Project-R2, is into the next phase. My involvement has been less as a active participant this week and more as a guiding voice here and there. Thankfully, this means the time investment has been much less and I've really noticed the difference. After all these years I'm not sure why it still surprises me how difficult it really is to balance large projects and being a good manager. Thankfully this week a few other took up the mantal of this project, moving us into the due-dilligence phase, so that I could spend more time with the team.
<p/>
 
* 🌱 - Since taking over the cloud team at the end of last year, there has been a long list of small but meaningful activities to get around to. Improving the frequence and quality of the meetings, drafting and finalising the strategy, adding clarity to some job descriptions and making sure the whole team knows what's going on in the business and the comms is good. This week I made signifcant progress on all these fronts - not complete - but progress and I'm pretty happy with it. I started doing these little 5-10m update vidoes at the end of the week for my team, to call out good work and interesting project updates. Finding the right comms that suits everyone will take a bit of experimenting but I trying a few things and gathering feedback. It feels a lot more natural that is used to.
<p/>

* 🤓 - I've been involved in the enhancement of our managed services for a few years now, Project-R made some significant jumps on this last year. This year is about formalising that and looking at [ISO 20000](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_20000). It will take a while, but we're building the roadmap, identifying the gaps and making progress. As we work with larger organisations and more public sector organisations this is becoming table-stakes. I can't say I know significant amounts about all the details of this standard just yet, but I will be going deep on it over the next few months. I'm hoping to have enough time to document my learning journey on that here. What a nerd.
<p/>

* 💍 - This week was my 13th wedding anniversary. We went out for a lovely meal at [Boys Hall](https://www.boys-hall.com/) and had some really good, long overdue quality time together. I am always amazed by every anniversary, both that I am old enough to have been married for that long and that I have been able to sustain a marriage for that long. Long may our love continue.
<p/>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 245 minutes of podcasts
* 4,888 average weekly steps
* 99 book pages read (Annie Bot - p0-99)
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Stanger Things - S04](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4574334/)
* [The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives - S01+S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt31091039/)
<!-- vale on -->
