---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 4"
date: "2026-01-25"
description: "19-Jan-2026 - 23-Jan-2026"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week has been, what I suspect is the calm before the storm. A week where I got to focus on some of my individual contributions and enabling activities and less of sales and endless meetings.
<p/>

* 🗣️ - I started the week presenting on our H1 highlights and H2 plans at our town hall. I always appreciate this bi-annual sessions, not just because of their inherently reflective nature but because of the company-wide Q&A we get at the end. You get questions from all different contexts across the business and at all different levels of perspective from the immediate/tactical to the long-term/strategic. Great fun.
<p/>

* 🏢 - In my team call this week, I had to remind my team that it's ok to just say "this was as business-as-usual week". Sometimes team meetings can get a bit performative and people feel the need to justify all the things they have done that week to everyone else. I've definitely been in teams where that is the case. Given this is only the third time I've had a team meeting with my new team I wanted to reset the tone and expectation that it's ok to say it's just been a week of getting on with it. Not every week is has something critical, something on fire, something shiny or interesting. I want us to spend the time talking about the important stuff and trust that each of them will do the rest without having to update me or the rest of the team on it. I do however want to provide systems and reporting to allow anyone in the team (managers or otherwise) to dip into the detail whenever they want.
<p/>

* ⌨️ - The remainder of my week was a lot of focus blocks in my calendar, working on strategy, new portfolio updates and some AI work. There were one-or-two specific conversations happening to support this work but it was good to just spend some time writing things down, reading comments and collaborating on the type of content that gives everyone focus and direction.
<p/>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 320 minutes of podcasts
* 7,889 average weekly steps
* 187 book pages read (Annie Bot - p100-287)
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Stranger Things - S05](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4574334/)
* [Traitors - S04](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt23743442/)
* [Patience - S01+S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt31495377/)
<!-- vale on -->
