---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 2"
date: "2026-01-10"
description: "05-Jan-2026 - 09-Jan-2026"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week is the cold shower of real-life after the brief interlude of new year. Last week's few days of relax and TV bringe watching quickly forgotton by  five days of back-to-back meetings and workshops. Not a lot of context switching thankfully, just a lot of work to be done on a small number of topics. Busy but not too stressful. I guess as first weeks back go, it could have been a lot worse.
<p/>

* 🧭 - The week started with the first draft reviews and dicsussions of the cloud strategy. A important first step to ensure that I have accurately represented all the conversations over the past few weeks, that I have clearly describting the identified problems, solutions and direction. It is also key in these reviews that plenty of edits are made by others so that it is a collaboration for which everyone feels engaged and part of. I have experience too many strategies which felt disconnected or too management heavy and I don't want to repeat those mistakes. It will take a few more weeks to finalise this, but I had a few conversations about it this week and it was a good start.
<p/>
 
* 👔 - Project-R2 continues, it progressed during my absence and this week I was in London for another workshop. This time it was a about Service Integration and Management (SIAM), covering both the tooling, it's role in the wider ITIL services and the more personal and financial elements of manging vendors. Lots of good conversation and I certaintly learnt a few things in the deep dive preparaiton for this. I am going to write up this work into a blog post this year because it's a topic that I really sparked by interest.
<p/>

* 🎂 - This week as also my daughters 12th birthday (and my mother-in-law's birthday as they share the same day). It makes me feel old but also gives me the warm fuzzy feelings. Multi family dinner visits, but it only seems like 5 minutes since the last meals of the previous weeks when our house was full. Anyway, a nice way to spend the week and I'm very proud of her and who she's becoming.
<p/>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 367 minutes of podcasts
* 6,162 average weekly steps
* 34 book pages read (1984 - p305-339) - Finished
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [None] - well nothing finished this week.
<!-- vale on -->
