---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 9"
date: "2026-02-28"
description: "23-Feb-2026 - 27-Feb-2026"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week certainly felt like a rush while I was in it, but on reflection I think I managed to find a bit of balance between work and personal things this week.
<br></br>

* 🤠 - I started the week, deep into the archives of our portfolio after I was escalated to about a customer with a service that I didn't think we provided any more. This ended up in a small side quest of reviewing customers on old services, on old services description and trying to understand risk and impact. Turns out we still manage Active Directory for some SMB customers and also that RDS hosting is still a thing for some of our customers despite the fact that AVD has been out since 2019. Anyway, working the product team we now have a plan and I can put away my fedora and whip.
<br></br>
 
* 🗄️ - I had an interesting vendor call with [Panzura](https://panzura.com/) this week. We're been re-selling them to our architecture and construction companies for a while now, but they have a portfolio pivot, a new partner structure and we have a few new use-cases. Vendor calls can always be a bit tricky, as you don't want to show too much enthusiasm or commit too much but also not be too aloof. A good outcome for me is that I come away from the sessions with something to think about - it means they've found a gap and sparked my interesting. This was one of those sessions.
<br></br>

* 📥 - Project-R2 keeps ploughing on - four more weeks and we'll have our answer. This week was more information in the data room and more Q&A. It meant a lot of reacting to daily uploads and stand-up calls at the start and end of each day and we made frequent small adjustments to our proposal as we got further into the detail.
<br></br>

* 🐾🏥 - More vets visits and also a hospital check-up visit for me. Nothing scary or anything to worry about but it mean more running around, juggling my calendar and working later than I would normally to balance our the time off in the day. I am always grateful to be in a position to have this flexibility but damn is it difficult to re-schedule things.
<br></br>

* 📚 - One thing we've started doing in our house is having a few hours on a Sunday afternoon without TV and without our phones. We mostly use this time to read books. While I certainly enjoy the habit I have of reading for 30 minutes before bed, I have some to really appreciate the extra couple of hours as relaxation time and a great way to balance our the typical Sunday afternoon anxiety.
<br></br>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 316 minutes of podcasts
* 5760 average weekly steps
* 170 book pages read
    - (Breakneck: China's Quest to Engineer the Future - p195-p229) - Finished
    - (House of Huawei: The Secret History of China's Most Powerful Company - p0-p136)
<br></br>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [The Big C - S03](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1515193/)
* [The Walsh Sisters - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt34613809/)
<!-- vale on -->

