---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2026 - Week Note 13"
date: "2026-03-29"
description: "23-Mar-2026 - 27-Mar-2026"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

A stacked calendar, rainbow coloured with context switching, but ending with a feeling of progress.
<br></br>

* - This week was another progressed RFP and presentation. Given the frequency of these now, the team are certainly getting slicker at it and the content and story is getting tighter. The one this week was certainly a useful session that was actually more Q&A focused, so felt more workshop than usual presentation. I can't say all are like this - I've certainly seen some recently that are presenting the RFP content that the recipients haven't read.
<br></br>

* - April is the start of budget season so that means that the end of March means that I need to spend time reviewing cost owners and documenting my high-level budget objectives (asks and removals). Can be a little boring but is a good reflection point on what we need to achieve the next set of objectives.
<br></br>

* - If you've read anything on this site then you know that I like writing, but I've come to understand that lots of people in our business also like videos. That means meeting people where they are and ensuring that for all documents or presentations that I produce, that I also provide companion videos. This week I caught up on a bit of a backlog of them; everything from portfolio updates, team updates and breakdown of the strategy. Videos ranging from 5 minutes to 30 minutes. I've come to actually enjoy them. I've also come to find additional value from them because the very act of having explain something out loud and pre-empt questions actually improves the corresponding written words themselves. I expect to continue to do a lot of these and I'm encouraging others as the combination of writing and videos is good pre-read material to avoid too many monologue meetings.
<br></br>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 220 minutes of podcasts
* 3638 average weekly steps
* 46 book pages read ([House of Huawei: The Secret History of China's Most Powerful Company](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/214490408-house-of-huawei) - p294-p340)
<br></br>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Small Prophets - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt38504111/)
<!-- vale on -->
