---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "2026 - Week Note 11"
date: "2026-03-14"
description: "09-Mar-2026 - 13-Mar-2026"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

Working for any company that is still growing an ambitious, there are occassional momements of pause when you're standing at the bottom of Everest and thinking "Wow! That's going to be amazing up there" and at the same time "Damn! I've got to climb that." Well this was one of those weeks.
<p/>

* 🙉 - The week started with some SMT governance and, while we're all still finding our feet with the new sessions, there has already been some lessons learnt and some structual aspects that I'll be taking into my own team sessions. One thing I am enjoying is the gradual move away from slides to documents for our pre-read content. 
<p/>
 
* 📋 - On the topics on documents, I also had a session this week discussing plans around ISO 20000 adoption. This is a standard that has become more relevant to us now that it is part of the G-Cloud framework and we're engaging more in public sector activities. The first step of this process is bottom-up review of all of our documentation with the main aim of making it not just internally useful (an ISO 9001 requirement) but also in a position to be presented to our customers who incresingly want to see this level of detail. A big job, and not the most exciting but with some help from AI and some time documenting our style guides, it shouldn't be too difficult to reach this first milestone.
<p/>

* 🔩 - ServiceNow is the beating heart of the MSP business, but there are always aspect to this platform I am learning about and planning on adopting more. This week, we started looking a improving our project management capabilities in the platform, extending the QA processes and improving our time recroding. The momenent I start talking to people about their use of the platform I always come away with a long list of ideas - always a good sign and often a highlight of the week.
<p/>


📈 - This weeks stats:
* 526 minutes of podcasts
* 4,801 average weekly steps
* 45 book pages read (House of Huawei: The Secret History of China's Most Powerful Company - p209-p254)
<p/>

<!-- vale off -->
📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Blue Therapy - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt35836615/)
* [The Big C - S04](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1515193/)
<!-- vale on -->

