---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 27"
date: "2024-10-05"
description: "30-Sep-2024 - 04-Oct-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week was the first of two weeks of well earned rest. You'll see from the past few weeknotes that I've been spending a lot of time working with one particularly large new potential customer. I love doing this, it stretches me personally, makes me re-validate assumptions and think from a customer's point of view. Despite my excitement for this time of work, it can take it's toll mentally, so I'm glad to have the time off.

I spend this first week with the family in Centre Parcs - this year at Longleat. Meredith loved Eleven last year and this year was no different (the consistency helps). While there is the usual busy fan fair of swimming, bike riding and other adventurous activities I also really value to down time and the quiet woodland setting. 

This year I've been much better at the work detox - only permitting myself 5 mins a day to read emails (but not respond to any!). I've also been using that old GTD method of just writing down my thoughts and ideas on a page as a virtual inbox (in this case in Obsidian) which gets it out of my head and allows me to focus more on the activities in the moment.

Anyway, it's been a great week, feeling a lot more relaxed now and I'm off home tomorrow for another week off, focused on home activities.

Bonus: a couple of interesting links:
* [They Built This Robot For Your Home](https://youtube.com/watch?v=2ccPTpDq05A)
* [I Lived With a Humanoid Robot for 48 Hours](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Sb6LMPXRdVc)
