---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 06"
date: "2024-05-10"
description: "06-May-24 - 10-May-24"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"

---

This week felt a bit manic work-wise but in a good way. Back to feeling useful again.

## What I’ve been doing
I'm been talking to customers again, which is great. It's been over a year since I've really been on the front line and I've forgotten how much I love talking to customers about their real problems. 3 customers this week and lots of follow-up calls with engineers, product managers and sales folk to really paint a picture about what's working and what isn't. Also some time to write a bit of code to help some engineers better price things and I feel like this is my happy place again.

## What I’ve been thinking about

How to find sources of innovation happening outside of the AI bubble. Tech has literally become a firehose of AI to the point where it feels almost impossible to hear about anything else happening. It's been making me think about how I can further diversify my sources of information to hear about things happening on the edges that don't involve AI.

## What I’ve been reading
Lots of AI white papers including the [original Transformer paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03762) and this new interesting one on [Filler Tokens](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2404.15758)


## What I’ve been watching
* [Slow Horses - Season 1-3](https://tv.apple.com/gb/show/slow-horses/umc.cmc.2szz3fdt71tl1ulnbp8utgq5o) (AppleTV) - If Spooks was more real-life and more gritty, this had me hooked from the first episode with Gary Oldman's character of a burnt-out old spy and his dysfunctional team. Well deserved Bafta nominations and well worth the binge.


## What I’ve been doing in the real world
Well, with first glimmer of sunshine this week was spent in the garden, pottering around and cleaning up in preparation of a good solid 3-4 hours of hard work at the weekend. Those of you who want to know how I managed to listen to so many podcasts every week - well this is it. If it's not time spent with the horses and filling hay nets then it's in the garden. This is good, healthy mindless activity where I can digest information and let me mind wander.