---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 21"
date: "2024-08-24"
description: "19-Aug-2024 - 23-Aug-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week was one of those week that really didn't go to plan. I was intending to spend a bit more time with the portfolio team but instead we got a very large RFP out of no where and a serious incident for one of our most high-profile customers - fun times.

* Got started on one of the largest RFPs I've seen to-date. Very long, very detailed, it look me a few hours to read before even being able to think about responses. I think this one is going take a lot of time over the next few weeks.

* One of our AWS customers had some downtime this week as a result of an EFS scaling issue. Turns out there were still set to bursting mode not elastic. This is one of those incident's that in isolation looks like a fix-and-move-on type incident but it has opened up a can of worms about resilience that needs further thought and discussion with the customer. A unpleasant reminder that if you don't test your resilience then it's unlikely to work when you need it. Writing up this report was a fun one.

* Wrapping up some of the portfolio work from last week we started the discussion about bringing more cloud-native features (K8s, IaC etc) to our private cloud offering. Historically there has been little demand for this - but now we're seeing more than one or two conversations about staying on private cloud and not migrating due to cost.

* Balancing out the chaos by watching [Severance - S01](https://tv.apple.com/us/show/severance/umc.cmc.1srk2goyh2q2zdxcx605w8vtx). Weird and awesome.
