---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 30"
date: "2024-10-26"
description: "21-Oct-2024 - 25-Oct-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

While the past few weeks have been tightly focused on a couple of projects, this has been one of those more fragments weeks, lots of things going on in lots of areas of the business and another week (similar to [week 26]() that has been defined by death by the 30m calls.

* Project-R continues to drag on - an RFP document of p180 and 175k words. Expect this to give Ulysses a run for it's money in the end.

* Project-N for two days this week, with deep focus on contract review for a couple of our oldest/largest customers - as anyone working in a large organisation will know, customer contracts build up over time so understand what applies now and what has been replaced can be complicated. This week involves reviewing multiple contracts for customers. This is about ensuring that our legal and contracting moves an innovates as well as engineering.

* ControlMonkey POC complete and we start to discuss rolling out to customers. Control Monkey has one feature that I love - tracking drift. This seems like a straightforward thing and technically I suppose that it is, however strategically this is quite important. Despite our passion for using IaC to manage environments we still have customer where ClickOps happens and sometimes we have a need to do so ourselves. The important thing here is that the drift feature allows both modes to co-exist without too much friction as control monkey will identify drift and allow changes to be imported - great for mixed-mode environments.

* This weeks background is [Star Trek: Strange New Worlds - S01](https://www.paramountplus.com/gb/shows/star-trek-strange-new-worlds/) which follows my on-going dive back into the Star Trek universe.