---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 14"
date: "2024-07-12"
description: "01-Jul-2024 - 05-Jul-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

A short working week this week with lots and lots of writing (again)

## What I’ve been doing

This week I have been working on the largest bid of my career - 65k words and counting + other attachments (of which I personally wrote at least 30k). Always good to get into the weeds on these things and also a realization that when needing to write about topics I know well to a very tight deadline - I can actually succeed. Maybe all this practice here is paying off.

This week I have also been adding another tool into my toolset - todoist. I was a todoist user many years about but I've now come back to it and I'm really enjoying it. I also have it integrated into Obsidian so there is no context switching when I'm in flow there.

## What I’ve been thinking about

I've been thinking a lot about repeatability. I wonder how many times an engineer as solved the problem of a particular upgrade path or moving from service A to service B? I think these small packages of work - while a massive catalog of things should be something we strive for.

## What I’ve been listening to

* Well it's been [Glastonbury](https://www.youtube.com/@BBCMusic/search?query=Glastonbury%202024) this week - so listening to that in the background to keep me motivated. I'm also surprised how many artists I had never heard of before. That's a sign of getting old.

## What I’ve been doing in the real world

I spend the Monday on this week a Thorpe park, my daughters first visit and our second theme park visit of the month. Always a great family time.
