---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 19"
date: "2024-08-09"
description: "05-Aug-2024 - 09-Aug-2024"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week as been a bit all over the place and I'm not really sure where it's gone. Getting back into work mode slowly and socialising more than expected. 

## Admin and killing off things
This week, work has mostly been a lot admin-y type work with the unfortunate complexity of being just outside of the capabilities of our internal GPT instance. Given that some of this is mind-numbingly boring, I've been taking my usual tactic of loud music in the background to keep me motivated - I should probably stick all this into a playlist to share for people in the same situation.

## Some nice complements
I've also been giving some time and attention to one of my favourite things to do - killing off old stuff. In this case it means killing off old parts of our SharePoint and helping product managers end of life some very old services.

I've had some very positive commentary this week, with one individual asking "Do you actually run the place?". Well, one could take this a compliment or one would take it an indictment of the lack of systems, training and retention, but I'm going to take it somewhere in the middle of those things. 

I've also been asked by the MD to present to one of our largest ever potential customers - which can be nothing but complimentary.

## Unusually sociable week

Outside of work, we had a lovely dinner party with some friends this week where everything from hobbies, children and politics were discussed. Despite the mid-week late night, I'm increasingly finding myself energised by these sorts of things.

I also had the opportunity for some face to face time with my oldest friend, which always warms the sole.

I've recently noticed that both in a work and a personal setting that I am taking more and more of the role of a coach, I guess building upon my experience as well as the coaching and therapy I have received. This is something I want to explore more, maybe in a more formal way as I am really starting to enjoy it.

## Links and Projects

A few more interesting [Links](/links) this week on the brain, how to build software and rss - you know my usual stuff.

I've also purchased a [Bluefruit LE Sniffer](https://thepihut.com/products/adafruit-bluefruit-le-sniffer-bluetooth-low-energy-ble-4-0-nrf51822) for a small upcoming project to try and reverse engineer the bluetooth remote for my treadmill - so keep an eye out on a post about that.

