---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 45"
date: "2025-02-08"
description: "03-Feb-2025 - 07-Feb-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

Contracts, Damned Contracts and SLAs ...


* 📝 This weeks side quest involved reviewing SLAs. This included identifying gaps, looking at improvements but more critically, doing a lot of scenario planning of where multiple SLAs could compound upon each other. I've added a note to write some of this up as a blog post in the next few weeks.

* 📜 This weeks Project-R update is the long slog of legal back and forth, hunting down potential issues and risks (what we would call bugs - but I'm come to refer to as easter eggs), they'll likely be more of this for a few weeks. As I'm learning more about the legal writing process I'm building up a small gpt prompt to act as my self reviewer and to document the guardrails. I'll definitely be doing more of this, both on this project but also on a couple more large ones we have in the pipeline, so having something like this to help others will be time well spent.

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Agatha All Along](https://www.disneyplus.com/en-gb/series/agatha-all-along/6Nf0RIVHbJnh) - I'm not usually a Marvel watching person but I found this based on recommendation and it was a very good one-off season. This might encourage me to dip my toe a little more into the Marvel tv-universe. 

🎭 - Extra entertainment
* [Dear Evan Hansen](https://dearevanhansen.com/) - I'd been meaning to see this musical for a long time, and this week finally got the chance. So very glad I did and very worthy of all the awards it has achieved. Joyous, Funny, and heartfelt. I'd certainly watch this a few more times.


