---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 62"
date: "2025-06-07"
description: "02-Jun-2025 - 06-Jun-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

I can already tell that June is going to be a busy one with lots of content, lots of collaboration and me writing even more words in even more places.
<p/>

* ☁️ - I spent some time this week discussing our IaC set-up this week, except this time it was about our vmware private cloud environment. I go back and forth on the value of IaC (I almost wrote a blog a few weeks ago on it's decline) and there has certainly been less attention, from us and from customers, in managing private cloud with IaC. Well we've been pushing this forward as part of bringing consistency across our services. I have some good meetings with the team this week dicussing all the edge cases and how we handle them. 
<p/>

* 🌼 - On Wednesday I was back in the London office to meet with the AWS account manager of one of our most important customers. It was a great session and part of re-igniting our relationship with AWS. Certainly lots to think about, but also reassuringly not much has changed in how to get the most out of working with AWS. The usual topics - POCs, MAP, marketplace, professional services. I'm even giving some thought to formatting some of our roadmap of services into PRFAQs (wonder if I could get chatgpt to help with this?).
<p/>

* 🖇️ - Some time was spent this week working with our product, technical and brand teams on some of our document templates. A little boring for some, but when lots of what we do is professional services then this is one of the ways with which we increase the standards and quality of the output of our work. There is also a little bit of technical design work that also goes into these templates so it's really a collective effort.
<p/>

* ⚒️ - We had the first dedicated working group on our automation activities. Like any engineering organisation, we've been automating the work we do for years but it's always been in small pockets, individual people or side-projects from each team. This week we started a working group to bring together all the individuals and align all the work to specific portfolio services, my focus is making sure everyone is pulling in the same direction. It was an exciting session for me,getting to sit back and see the vast array of ideas and skills across the teams. If we deliever all of the things on our roadmap for the next 6-months then we'll be 100% better managed service business than we were 12-months ago.
<p/>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 881 minutes of podcasts ⬇️
* 5,300 average weekly steps ⬆️
* 10 book pages read 
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Ginny & Georgia - S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt10813940/)
* [Doctor Who - S15](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt31433814)
