---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 79"
date: "2025-10-04"
description: "29-Sep-2025 - 03-Oct-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

A week of lots of new things, lots of scribbled notes, a new office and making sure I prioritise the right things.
<p/>

* ✨ - I've been writing about Project-R for a long time now and for project as long as this it is important to recognise the milestones along the way. This week we rolled out some improvements to our customer portal, based upon the feedback from this project. This is a big step because it's something that shows just how big projects often cause an overall improvement to all customers. This one been the last of these, but we took a small moment to celebrate the first.
<p/>
 
* 🎠 - On Wednesday I went in London (into our [new offices](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/claranet_weve-moved-this-week-our-london-team-settled-activity-7376631348729454592-gYIo)) for some account planning with our sales and CX team to discuss what the future looks like for some of our biggest customers. Always a good exploration of how advanced our relationships are and if we continue to have services that make us relevant.
<p/>

* ⛅ - This week I had a few challenger questions on the topic of our cloud services - put simply: **What's next for cloud?**. Well, cloud and datacenter services are certainly reaching maturity and some of which are over the tipping point of commodity, however despsite this when I think everything is done there is always just-one-more-thing. Still a few ideas around soverign, edge and a couple more hyperscale cloud providers to explore. A little bit more R&D in the near future I think.
<p/>

* 🪫 - From time to time, I'll have my closest work collegues check-in and make sure I'm ok - this week was one of those times. Clearly a sign that I am outwardly taking on too much at once, often this also triggers an internal pause when I realise I might be close to overwork (and sometimes even overwhelm). Working in IT and solving technical problems has always been a bit of an addictive habbit for me and working for an MSP continues to help me scratch that itch (there is a longer form post about this coming soon) but I do have to be careful sometimes. I'm very lucky to have people around me that look out for me and make sure I don't strech myself too far.
<p/>


📈 - This weeks stats:
* 430 minutes of podcasts
* 8,246 average weekly steps
* 11 book pages read (Infinite Detail - p147-p158)
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Taskmaster - S19](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4934214/)
