---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 74"
date: "2025-08-31"
description: "25-Aug-2025 - 29-Aug-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

A 4 day week this week, in which everyone does a full weeks work in four days due to the bank holiday. I would still like this to be a permenant fixture one day, however so fingers crossed for that. I would say this week has a very "enterprise" feel about it, more documents, more process, more conversations about very enterprise problems and enterprise products.
<p/>

* 🧑‍🚒 - I've been working with our engineering teams on merging together a few internal documents into something external we are able to provide to customers about how we deliver operational resiliance. This is backup, patching, disaster recovery, compliance. As you'd expect we have lots of documentation on this sort of thing, cover lots of different scenarios. By putting this all in one place under what we're calling the "Operational Assurance Plan" we can have joined up conversations with our customer and build reassurance that we've covered all of their scenarios and that we practially know exactly how to deliver it.
<p/>
 
* ✍🏻 - You'd probably be shocked about the amount of documentation we produce and maintain as an IT company, both internally and on behalf of our customers. As a company that is ISO 9001 cerfified it's something we take pretty seriously, but it's not something that is easy or we take for granted. With Project-R, we have not only a very long contract and set of contractual chanages, we're also responsibile for maintaining upwards of 20 documents as part of their service. With this is mind, I'm going back to basics and looking the processes we use do this this and more importantly the customer experience and how we can innovate in this area to make it a less painful and less beuractric process for all involved. Lots of interesing tools and processes to dig my teeth into. More on this in the coming weeks.
<p/>

* 💎 - I don't play solutions arcitect often these days (we have a good team of people for that) but when I do it's often in the enterprise space, with those expensive systems that expensive to touch - think: Oracle, SAP, Dyanmics, IBM. Well I've had more than one conversation about these types of products this week and I think I'll be putting my product hat back on in this are shortly.
<p/>


📈 - This weeks stats:
* 517 minutes of podcasts
* 9,385 average weekly steps
* 41 book pages read
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Operation Dark Phone](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt37694631/)
* [Mr Big Stuff - S01+S02](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt30226479/)
* [Night Agent - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13918776/)

