---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 54"
date: "2025-04-12"
description: "07-Apr-2025 - 11-Apr-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week has been a little calmer than previous weeks, it's given me time to focus on a slider wider range of topics that I have been able to previously. Now that I'm into year 2 of weeknotes, I am also thinking about a couple of additions of the next few weeks.
<p/>

* 📓 - I've noticed that writing these weeknotes week after week acts a bit like an anonymous [accountability buddy](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2023/nov/27/the-buddy-boost-how-accountability-partners-make-you-healthy-happy-and-more-successful) where I am encouraged throughout the week to take a little note of the meaningful things I did so that I can write them up at the end. This means I am thinking about a few other things that I might want to include here in the future: what I am listening to,  what games I am playing, my health stats from the week. I'm not sure exactly when or where these will fit in but I am certainly thinking about adding more detail over time.
<p/>

* 🧰 - The first thing on my list for the week has been going deep on the topic of legacy OS automation. We've got a couple of customer engagements at the moment where there is a diverse range of end-of-support operating systems that need to be upgraded. Depending on the age, some of these are not trivial to automate and upgrade. As we've been doing this for a while, we have lot of pockets of good information and scripts available but we're now at a point where this need to be brought together and tested. I spent this week coming up with a plan for this. This was more exciting for me to work on that it might be for others because I love dealing with the heritage things.
<p/>

* ➰ - I got my first demo of [Loopio](https://loopio.com/) that we'll be rolling out to support our bid team. This is great and another way for us to centralise our knowledge and speed up our customer responses. I'm also expecting gaps to appear that I can work with our technical leaders to fill.
<p/>

* 💬 - I got asked to write proposals for a couple of talks this week for events we're sponsoring. Having not spoken in public for a while this was a refreshing change of case. One for an iGaming event in London and anther for a FinTech event in Dubai. AI and Cybersecurity are both the topics of the day here. The challenge as always is not the technical topic but making it something relevant to the industry vertical and audience there rather than something generic. Well, I've had some good ideas and hopefully they think so too.
<p/>

* 💵 - An odd little note on Azure billing this week - we're expanding to be a indirect partner in the US (hopefully direct partner soon after) and it's been a lot more complicated than it should have been - literally days. Combinations of getting the right tenancy, the right office address, proving domain ownership and many tickets to Microsoft. We're only doing this because we have a few international customers who want to transact in the US as opposed to any signifiant plans for US expansion - but it was good to see it happen anyway.
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Say Nothing](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt31122777/)