---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 81"
date: "2025-10-18"
description: "12-Oct-2025 - 16-Oct-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

This week as been a week that has flown by in a series of small meetings and todo list items. I have been operating at about 40% for most of the week as I continue to fight off the seasonal cold (yes, I should take some sick days but you know I won't because I still have iches to scratch).  
<p/>

* 🛝 - This week has been definitly been about all the small things (say it ain't so!). I don't just mean lots of tiny 15 minute meetings or 5 minute emails to fire off, but I mean that it's been a week where the mistakes have been small but also the wins. These days I'm mostly involved in the larger projects and these can suffer with what I call "death by a thousand cuts" - a project that doesn't fail in some big bang catastrophe but very slowly over time due to lots of tiny mitakes. A project can go from profitable to unprofitable like a leaky kitchen tap that no one really notices. The flip side to this is "growth by a thousand steps" - tweak a agent, improve a process, add an automated business rule. These things on their are often forgettable improvements, easily missed by focusing on the next thing. Well this week has had plenty of both of these extremes - I now have a long long list. 
<p/>
 
* 🚀 - We've been invested in developing our own tooling to support our engineers for several years now. The purpose of this tooling is to give us the best insight into our managed customers and to make migration and modernisation activities as easy as possible (so we can do more of them). This week saw another release from our team, enhancing our quality assurance and making sure that all the clouds we suppport have an equal set of features. We're also working of some amazing AI tooling behind the scenes - but that's for another day. I'm very proud of the team behind this and see how the tooling has matured as also it's engagement.
<p/>

* 💡 - A small other note this week - I've been back to doing some digging into some ideas and topics that iterest me. At the moment I'm spending time reading on some of the other cloud platforms (oracle cloud, ibm cloud, OVH) and also thinking about Operational Technology - both networks and security. Lots of ideas and scribbled notes. Nothing for now, but maybe a few things for the near future.
<p/>

📈 - This weeks stats:
* 265 minutes of podcasts
* 2,262 average weekly steps ⬇️
* 20 book pages read (Infinite Detail - p180-p200)
<p/>

📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Grant Designs - 2025](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0421099/)
* [Murderbot - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt30444310/)
