---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 42"
date: "2025-01-18"
description: "13-Jan-2024 - 17-Jan-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
---

A week of more paperwork but boosted by an all-too-brief office visit.

* 📜 Project-R continues to fill my week, I'm coming to terms with the fact at this project is going to be one projects upon which many other improvements hang-off from. I guess it's sort of like having a development branch in your GitHub repo, where lots of stuff happens every day and then you cherry-pick the best bits for your main branch (that being the rest of the business in this very stretched analogy). Well, this week's Project-R side-quest has been working on services descriptions - nothing new but making sure any relevant service descriptions are on the latest templates, any that have pending updates are completed and that Project-R get the best versions of these things included.

* 🏛️ I was in London for a Townhall session on Wednesday. Unlike in previous stages on my career I don't go to these things to find out what's going on, nor on this occasion was I presenting anything. This time I go to them to be in-person with everyone else. I find that on Townhall days that people have lots of questions or they ask questions in the session and it gives them momentum and ideas to ask more later. Any time I'm in person in an office I seem to be a magnet for people asking questions or asking for help and it's my absolute pleasure. Also, Townhalls are very different in a private company than they are in a public company, you get to be more honest about what's working well and what's not, plus the questions are much more direct.


📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Ludwig - S01](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/m0022wvz) - binged it, loved every second of it.
* [The Departure - S01](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt9252156/) - the first season was great, but the two episodes into the second season I had to give up.
