---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Week Note 39"
date: "2025-01-04"
description: "30-Dec-2024 - 03-Jan-2025"
series: ["weeknotes"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
draft: true
---

Well the first week of the new year is thankfully a bit of a slow one with only two days back at work (almost everyone else off) and three days for some goal setting and tv binge watching.

* 🧹 - The start of the year, is one of those time when it feels appropriate to do a bit of a clean up. Perhaps it's due to the large volume of rubbish from Christmas but it encourages me to throw away other things unused and to deep clean rooms to make space. There is also a phycological element that means a clean space puts you in the right head space to start the new year.

* 🎯 - I'm not one for setting new years resolutions but I certainly like to review goals and objectives and the start of the year seems the perfect time to do so. Nothing new or exciting this year - more building on the habits and patterns of last year which seems to have been going well so far. Having a split week between work and time off means that I've also had the opportunity to review both personal and professional goals at the time time and side-by-side. Following on from my process of putting things on this site and therefore out in public, I will be doing so soon with some of this material.

* 🏢 - Thursday and Friday were the first days back to work and with most other staff still on leave it was a nice slow start to the year and opportunity for a bit of planning and organising. My plan started with reviewing my scheduled meetings making sure I was spending the right about of time with the right people and more importantly how much face-time I was getting. I also did a bit of product planning, reviewing the roadmap and writing a new service description draft and a couple of RFPs.


📺 - This weeks background entertainment:
* [Black Doves](https://www.netflix.com/gb/title/81682935)
* [Ted Lasso](https://tv.apple.com/gb/show/ted-lasso/)