---
ShowShareButtons: false
ShowReadingTime: false
ShowPostNavLinks: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
ShowCodeCopyButtons: false
ShowToc: true
author: "."
---

{{< cv_page word_file="/cv/liamjbennett-cv-long.docx" pdf_file="/cv/liamjbennett-cv-long.pdf" >}}

# Employment Details

## July 2016 - Present: Claranet Limited (London)

:: *Head of Portfolio Architecture and Engineering*

As Head of Portfolio Architecture I am responsible for the architecture
and tooling underpinning all of Claranet UK’s portfolio of services.
This includes supporting the definition of services, working with
vendors and managing budgets for the investment in tools and in-house
engineering capability.

In addition, this role comes with the responsibility for the software
development teams building internal tools for engineers in addition to
customer facing tools and services. Focused on scaling these teams,
evolving agile software development practices and delivering customer
products based on flow and empathy.

:: *Cloud Practice Director*

As the Cloud Practice Director, I was responsible for the entire cloud
engineering team of 40+ engineers across all supported cloud platforms
(Azure, AWS, GCP, VMware) as well as Cloud Economists and Learning and
Development.

My focus has been to grow the Cloud team whilst creating and evolving a
culture that is aligned to the purpose, values and goals for the
business.

As part of the leadership team, I am responsible for shaping the product
portfolio ensuring that my teams have the skills, the tools and the
autonomy to deliver successfully to customers. This includes building a
platform of tools to support the delivery, operations and team learning
to ensure the practice can continue to expand from 50 to 100+ engineers.

:: *Technical Principal (CloudOps)*

This was a combined management and delivery role. I managed the initial
team of 8 engineers, as the Technical Principal. I was much more engaged
across the multi-cloud portfolio (Azure, AWS and GCP) supporting the
expansion and definition of new service offerings to customers.

This involved continued end-customer engagement and consulting at
multi-levels, working on business plans and service definitions. This
role expanded my knowledge of Product Management, customer leadership
and allowed me to enhance my journey of strategy and roadmap
development.

:: *Azure Practice Lead*

With a Windows team already established I took on a new role to build
and grow the team and capability with Microsoft Azure. This was a very
entrepreneurial/leadership role within the business where I was leading
all elements of the business growth including hiring the team, partner
management with Microsoft and pre-sales with C-level customer prospects.

I also expanded my technical knowledge of the Azure platform and worked
with my team to introduce new tools and establish a deployment and
operations platform to support large customer engagements on this new
(for the business) platform.

:: *Windows Cloud Practice Lead - Bashton Ltd*

I joined Claranet just 6 months after the acquisition of Bashton Ltd -
their first acquisition for public cloud capability. The initial
expectation of this role was to build a team to support the deployment
and on-going support of Windows infrastructure and applications on AWS.

This included working with some high-profile retail brands such as
FunkyPigeon, Missguided and Superdry.

It was part of my role to introduce new tools and processes to the newly
established public cloud practice and to support the integration between
Bashton and the wider Claranet business. During the two years in this
role, I also lead the first engagements with Microsoft and Google which
would later turn into formal partnerships and established cloud teams
within the business.

## Feb 2014 - July 2016: OpenTable International Limited (London)

:: *Senior Infrastructure Engineer*

A Senior infrastructure engineer at OpenTable means supporting the
datacenter operations and development teams to build new infrastructure
and to automate the build and management of existing legacy
infrastructure.

During my time at OpenTable I built a logging infrastructure from the
ground-up (on AWS using ELK and Apache Kafka that can support 1B message
a day), replaced multiple monitoring systems based on nagios with a
single solution based upon sensu, applied config management to a wide
range of systems both on Windows and Linux and helped to develop new
tools to support standardized deployments on Apache Mesos.

A significant portion of this role involved me liaising with and
training development and operations teams both in London and in San
Francisco. It also required communicating with all layers of management
to ensure the successful rollout of the projects.

This work gave me the opportunity to work and release a lot of
open-source code and build communities around that; in particular I made
significant contributions to the Puppet community by providing
additional support for Windows. I learnt a lot from this experience in
building community though blogging, giving talks and podcasting on this
and other subjects. Community evangelism is not something that is often
thought of as significant in an operations-based role, but I found it to
be both enjoyable and beneficial on many occasions.

From April 2015 to July 2016, I lead my team in its projects and
decision making. We remained autonomous within the organization,
identifying problems and providing solutions wherever we saw value.

## June 2010 - Feb 2014: Mimecast Ltd (London)

:: *DevTools Engineer*

As a build and release engineer for Mimecast I worked with all teams
within the business and directly with the CTO to introduce Continuous
Delivery into the business. That continued to be my main focus as the
engineering team grew from 20+ to 100+. As the maturity of the build and
release process advanced my role changed to a more DevTools focused
position.

I think a devops mentality was critical to a role like this and I had to
make sure that I remain balanced in both my development and operations
skill sets. This means that I was involved in all aspects of the
software development lifecycle. I advised on component-based
architectures to help speed up the build/delivery process, I introduced
and educated on new testing tools, and I implemented and improved the
deployment and release processes. I was also the primary administrator
for all pre-production environments both Linux (CentOS) and Windows (all
versions) and made extensive use of configuration management (puppet)
and monitoring tools (Opsview, Nagios, Munin) to achieve this. I have
performed many large migration projects and was heavily involved in
Mimecast’s ISO 28000:2007 certification.

It was very much a platform and language agnostic role and I got to work
day-to-day with a wide variety of tools and platforms including Java, C#
and Ruby on both Linux, Windows and all major mobile platforms. I
continue to believe that it is hugely important to remain flexible and
to be able to pick up new languages and skills as quickly and
efficiently as possible.

## Feb 2009 - June 2010: Saga Holidays Ltd (Folkestone, Kent)

:: *System Consultant (Java Developer)*

## Sept 2006 - Aug 2007: Nexor Ltd (Nottingham)

:: *Placement Student*

# Education

-   University of Kent at Canterbury - Bsc Computer Science with Year in
    the Industry
