---
author: "liamjbennett"
title: "Personal Goals in 2026"
date: "2025-12-30"
description: ""
tags: ["goals","personal growth"]
ShowToc: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
thumbnail: "/img/main/profile.jpg"
audio_url: ""
audio_length: ""
audio_bytes: ""
---

As I look forward to 2026, I am expecting plenty of work changes, but also some consistency as I continue to progress on all those things started in 2025. 

2026 is the year I turn 40 years old, so it is expected that I'll be a little more reflective, a bit more focused on who I want to be over the next decade and therefore I expect new goals to emerge over time but here are a few to get the year started.

---

## (1) Be consistent
The starting point should always be that the goals and habbits from the previous year. Last year I made extensive goals, made progress with some of them and the corresponding habits and I plan to continue with all of them this year. That's really the point of this whole self-improvement schtick isn't it?!

## (2) Focus more on health and fitness
This year's fitness targets are pretty basic:
* Walking target - 8000 steps/day (in 2x 4000)
* Add some abs and strength training (20m per day - increase over the year)
* This will require waking up about an hour earlier than normal.

## (3) Add more personal things to this blog
This blog started as a way for me to document interesting things I was working on both side projects, events and work milestones. As it has evolved it certainly became more about work (especially with weeknotes) and less about me, my personal thoughts and things I do outside of work. 

In 2026, I want to evolve this site to share a few for personal elements:

* Experimenting with new post types or "little and often" approach. Basically, posts that are more about statements, ideas and things that take < 30m to write.
* 1 blog post per month. This has been my target for a while, hopefully this year it will be a bit more achievable. No AI slop here though, I've tried that and it's not for me.

---

I will review these next in March in a short update post to see what progress (if any) has been made.
